Support sub request cache control header `stale-while-revalidate` everywhere (#1049)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/framework/deployment.md

```bash
CF_ACCOUNT_ID=<YOUR_CLOUDFLARE_ACCT_ID> wrangler publish
```

#### Worker sub request caching requirements

> In order for Cloudflare worker's Cache API to work, you must have:
> 
> - A Cloudflare domain (Cannot be the `worker.dev` that Cloudflare gives you)
> - A DNS record for that domain `A example.dev 192.0.2.1 Proxied`
> - A worker route that points to the Cloudflare domain
> 
> > Note: Above requirement may be different for enterprise accounts

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this, @wizardlyhel! 

```suggestion
For the Cloudflare Workers' Cache API to work, you need to have the following:

- A Cloudflare domain. This can't be `worker.dev`, which Cloudflare provides.
- A DNS record for the Cloudflare domain. For example, `A example.dev 192.0.2.1 Proxied`.
- A worker route that points to the Cloudflare domain

> Note:
> Requirements might be different for Cloudflare enterprise accounts.
```
